Added misalignment documentation. (#76)
campa-consortium/pals: source/parameters/aperture.md

The `ApertureP` parameter group contains parameters for describing an aperture. 
The components of this group and their defaults are:
```{code} yaml
ApertureP:
  x_limits: [NaN, NaN]            # [m] Vector of two real numbers
  y_limits: [NaN, NaN]            # [m] Vector of two real numbers
  shape: ""                       # [string] Aperture shape switch
  location: ENTRANCE_END          # [enum] Aperture location switch
  vertices: []                    # [array] Array of vertex points. See below.
  material: ""                    # [string] Material of the Aperture
  thickness: 0                    # [m] Real number

>   aperture_shifts_with_body: F    # [Boolean] See below.
>   aperture_active: T              # [Boolean] F implies aperture is not operating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  aperture_shifts_with_body: false  # [Boolean] See below.
  aperture_active: true             # [Boolean] F implies aperture is not operating.
```
